what's up guys going on with cuz i guess
and today I'm going to the cracker
challenge and i'm not sure like what is
the record or whatever I think how many
crackers can you eat in a minute so
we'll try that got these crackers here
oh there plus marine olive oils on the
craft that I had and I'm gonna put one
packet down because I don't know how
much I'm gonna manage so it means open
another packet I forget it to the bottom
anyway some of them aren't real sizes do
because they'll snap down was breaking
up so yeah let's just go I stopwatch on
for in a minute time so let's see how
well I do let's go
Oh
oh come on oh oh my god wow I feel
absolutely measurable it surely is
longer than a minute okay sex and one
minute so okay I'm gonna just get sex
okay one two three or five six stood
again I really need to drink and let's
do again um will do it for 60 seconds I
have to finish all of them like all like
five and a half are you looking to
better but still its saltiness mmm okay
right let's go
no I'm so close I just are just rolling
on why did it feel
ah
you
I never want to eat one of these
crackers ever again Blair's my cracker
challenge video and I hope you enjoyed
it it's just all extra what people ask
me to challenge videos but I'm not gonna
do disgusting things like cinnamon
challenge and stuff because they still
make it and i'll be horrible so you can
comment member ball other challengers
want me to do i'm not doing the center
in time because I'll children died
probably knowing me and but yeah I just
thought I'd leave it all extra video to
do look at my big thumbs up if you did
enjoy it I would love you forever
comment down below what challenges with
me dude and yeah how many can you do in
a minute that's your challenge so order
that subscribe if you already follow my
twitter instagram and all that stuff
because i'm doing a me up very soon an
NMR i'm pretty sure it's gonna be on the
twenty-ninth of the sandbar so you can
come along with my check my turn for
details so thank you guys so much for
being awesome goodbye